Wallet metadata retrieval and selection page (#941)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-metadata-retrieval.rst

.. include:: ../common/common_definitions.rst

Wallet Metadata Retrieval Flow
==============================

There are Digital Credential flows that require retrieving Wallet information before interacting with the Wallet itself. For example, to enable the Wallet Solution selection option during a Credential Offer flow or a Presentation flow. 
To do so, the third parties offering the Credential Offer (e.g., Authentic Source, Registry, Catalogue) and the Relying Parties consult the IT-Wallet System Register, in particular the Federation Registry, via the Trust Anchor's endpoints.

> First, with the list endpoint (GET /list) they obtain the ``entity_id`` of all subordinates of the Trust Anchor. To obtain only the Wallet Provider ``entity_id``, a query parameter ``entity_type`` MAY be used. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, using the Immediate Subordinate Listing endpoint they obtain the list of all subordinates of the Trust Anchor identified by their ``entity_id``. To obtain only the Wallet Provider ``entity_id``, a query parameter ``entity_type`` set with ``wallet_provider`` MAY be used. 
```

> If the responder does not support this feature, it MUST use the HTTP status code 400 and the content type application/json, with the error code ``unsupported_parameter``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the responder does not support this feature, it MUST use the HTTP status code 400 and the content type ``application/json``, with the error code ``unsupported_parameter``.
```
